[pant] No matter how many
try to mark me,
you'll never stop me!
[narr]
In the previous episode,
the match between
Toho Academy
and Musashi Middle School
began.
After three goals
by Hyuga the Tiger,
Prince Misugi makes
his appearance on the field
to balance the match.
Kojiro, if you keep playing
all by yourself,
you'll never be able to
lead your team to victory!
[grunt]
[narr]
And just two minutes
after entering the game,
Prince Misugi
showed his skills
and got his first goal.
Look closely, everyone!
Here's comes the second!
You won't make fun of me
again, Misugi!
[narr] But just when
everyone thought
he would score again,
the goalkeeper
Ken Wakashimazu
stopped the ball
with an amazing jump!
[Jun]
Wakashimazu is amazing!
His agility is unbelievable.
I won't be able to score
from far like this.
[whistle]
[ann] And the first half
is over!
-[sigh]
-That's a shame!
The goalkeeper stopped
the ball!
But even so,
Misugi is amazing!
The game's pace changed
as soon as he entered!
Now I understand why
they call him
the Prince of the Field!
His play style is
very elegant!
Hmm...
[chuckle]
Oh, but of course,
that doesn't mean that
he's better than Tsubasa!
He's the best of them all!
But I still think that
Jun Misugi is also good!
Kumi, you do know we came
to watch the match
and not the boys, right?
Of course, I know that!
The point of watching
other teams' matches
is to study
our potential rivals!
Well, it doesn't
look like it.
[Kumi] Well, I gotta tell
the captain.
What? Misugi entered
on the first half?!
-Yeah.
-Wow.
Then it will be difficult
to know
which of them will win.
-[narr] Episode 33: Tokyo
-Well, listen up.
- Tournament Conclusion.
-It was a great first half.
Misugi's goal is
totally irrelevant.
The important thing is
to keep him at bay.
That's your cue, Sawada.
Yes.
One moment, Coach.
Why don't you let me deal
with Misugi for once?
He stole the ball
from me in the first half
and I won't let him
make me look like a fool!
[Kitazume]
Calm down, Kojiro.
Huh?
The sport of soccer
is a team sport.
And every player
has a position to play.
For example,
you're the front striker
and your only job
is to score goals.
Let your teammates
do theirs.
Any personal matters
must stay off of the field.
Is that clear enough?
Yes, Coach.
Damn it.
It's true that soccer
is a team sport,
but duels among captains
are also important!
And I can't lose against
that obnoxious Misugi!
It's okay, Captain.
We all know how important
it is for us
to win this match
so we can face Nankatsu
-in the nationals.
-[gasp]
Just forget about Misugi,
Captain.
Just make sure to score,
okay?
We'll help you.
Takeshi, thanks a lot.
You're welcome.
[chuckle]
We managed to score a goal
on the first half, kids.
Now we must get three more.
-Yeah!
[Fukuyama]
But remember, Misugi,
I'll only let you play
20 minutes.
Yes, I'm aware of it.
I'm sure we're gonna tie
-the match, Captain.
-[laugh]
And then after that,
we're gonna score
the victory goal!
-Yeah!
Thank you, guys.
[grunt]
We have 20 minutes.
[ann] Toho Academy is
winning 3 to 1,
but Musashi is
determined to recover
on the second half,
led by their captain,
the Prince, Jun Misugi.
Will they turn around
this match?
[munching]
[ann] It's just as
the saying goes;
it's not over
until it's over!
And now Musashi starts
with the kick off.
[whistle]
[ann] And the electrifying
energy
can be felt
around the field
as the match
starts again!
Sawada from Toho
approaches quickly
to try and take away
the ball from Misugi!
[Kitazume]
To ensure our victory,
the first thing we need
is to keep Misugi
under control.
Shinichi!
[ann]
Misugi can't move ahead
and makes a pass!
[Kitazume]
Yes. Exactly.
[ann]
Musashi's players
are passing the ball
to each other
- without moving ahead.
-[growl]
[Kojiro] I'll be patient,
and when I get the ball,
I'll show them
just who I am!
[Kensaku]
Captain!
[ann] And the ball
is back with Misugi!
[panting]
[ann] But Sawada
has set eyes on it!
[Jun] I can't dribble
to the front...
In that case...!
[grunt]
-[ann] Misugi sends
-[gasp]
- a long pass!
-[panting]
I got it!
[ann] This is a pass
for Sanada!
Will he manage to score?!
Don't even think about it!
[grunt]
[ann]
And Ken Wakashimazu,
the goalkeeper,
blocks the pass!
[Jun] This will be harder
than I thought.
[grunt]
Now it's our turn!
[gasps]
[ann]
Now it's Team Toho's turn,
led by Hyuga the Tiger.
Captain!
It's mine!
[grunt]
[whistle]
[ann] And the referee
signals an offside!
Impossible!
[ann]
Hyuga has fallen for
the famous trap of
the Prince of the Pitch!
Idiot!
[ann] Both teams
are balanced
and no one can score.
Despite Toho's
aggressiveness,
Musashi has gained
more control of the ball
and most of the shots
to the goal.
[grunt]
[ann]
Toho's goalkeeper
hasn't stopped
defending his post!
That was a nice catch,
Wakashimazu!
[whistle]
[ann] Meanwhile,
the Prince is not letting
Hyuga get a chance
to score!
I'll get you!
Ah!
[ann] This is
a true coliseum!
And time is unforgiving!
[growl]
If we don't score right now,
time will run out and
we won't be able to win!
I think his time is up.
[panting]
[doctor]
If he continues to play,
he'll put his health
at risk.
[gasp]
[panting]
I have to score
two more goals,
so we can go to extra time.
[panting]
I must think of a way
to get...
[panting]
past the goalkeeper
like I did before.
[panting]
-Honma!
-[grunt]
[ann] And Misugi
passes it to Honma!
What are they
going to do?!
It is pointless, prince!
-Mhm.
Here it goes!
-[gasp]
-Great.
[ann]
Misugi makes a feint
in front of
the goalkeeper!
And the ball is
going to Sanada!
[grunt]
It's mine!
[ann] This could be
the second goal!
Over my dead body!
-[grunt]
-[groan]
[ann]
Oh no!
The goalkeeper strikes
the ball with his fist!
What a save!
[Jun]
The ball is still loose!
Huh?
[grunt]
[ann] Misugi runs
towards the ball
that Wakashimazu
deflected!
[Jun]
This is our chance!
I must shoot before
Sawada comes near me!
It's mine!
Take this!
[gasp]
[ann]
Incredible!
Prince Misugi jumps
to strike the ball
with an amazing
- overhead shot!
-Impossible!
[grunt]
It's ours!
Captain!
[reac]
[ann] Misugi's shot
is taking the goalkeeper
by surprise!
Ken, watch out!
None of your shots
will enter
as long as I'm here!
[grunting]
[ann]
Goal!
Misugi scores the second
goal for Team Musashi!
No!
Excellent!
That's great, Captain!
Amazing!
Misugi!
[ann] And that's why
Jun Misugi
is called the Prince
of the Pitch!
What an overhead shot!
-This can't be.
-[Jun] [groan]
[ann] Team Musashi
has total control
of the match now!
Just one more, team!
[groan]
You did it, Captain!
One more and we're tied!
[gasps]
-[groaning]
-[Shinji] Captain?
[gasp]
Captain!
I should've pulled him out
exactly at 30 minutes!
Nishiyama, get in there!
Yes, sir.
[Jun]
Wait, Coach.
-Huh?
-[groaning]
-Captain!
[grunt]
I'm still fine.
I'll continue.
Oh no, Captain.
Just one more goal.
My job here is to tie
the score.
Please allow me to do that.
But wait, Jun...
I'm fine.
I was able to rest
during half time.
I know my body can take
a little bit more.
Please!
Let me score one more goal.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm pretty sure of it,
Coach.
All right then.
Thank you very much, Coach.
Thank you.
[ann] Jun Misugi's
switch was planned
as soon as his 30 minutes
on the field ran out,
but it looks like
this time
he'll remain
in the match!
[doctor]
What is he thinking?!
He's deliberately
going against my orders!
If he continues,
he'll put himself at risk!
Please understand, doctor!
Please, just let him
finish the game!
But wait...
[Yayoi]
You have to understand that
the captain has had to
endure two years
under your treatment.
It's been a long
and difficult road,
but he did it
so he could get up again.
He just wants to play
against Tsubasa
one last time.
Wait for me.
I beg you, doctor!
Let him play.
But, my child...
[Mr. Kira]
What's the matter, Kojiro?
You had the advantage
when Misugi was entering
the field.
But now that he is in,
he scored two goals
in under 30 minutes,
and he scored three
in 50 minutes.
The duel between you two
is over, boy.
And you lost.
And why's that?!
[Kitazume]
This is not good.
Since Misugi entered,
we haven't been
able to move.
So we'll change
our strategy.
Sawada, I want you
to attack now!
Mhm.
The coach wants us
to stop marking
and start going on
the offense
against Team Musashi.
It's time, Captain.
It took him long enough!
[Kojiro] I'll finally
be able to play
with my aggressive
game style.
I won't show mercy anymore.
So you better get ready,
Prince,
because you're about to
know the real Hyuga!
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa!
[narr]
And we're back!
[ann] Toho Academy is
winning by just one goal!
And Sawada has gone back
to the front
with Hyuga!
And it looks like they're
about to start attacking!
[Ken]
Takeshi, Captain...
I'm counting on you!
[whistle]
[pant]
Let's go, Takeshi!
Yes!
[pant]
[ann] Toho's duet,
Hyuga and Sawada
are going on the offense
and Musashi is getting
ready to confront them!
Listen up!
I want to protect
our goal post at all costs!
Yes, Captain!
No!
Get through!
[grunting]
[ann] Hyuga is
getting attacked
by two players
from Team Musashi.
He's in trouble!
Out of my way, you scumbags!
-[grunt]
-[screams]
[ann] And both defenders
are sent out flying
by the tremendous force
of Hyuga the Tiger!
Give up, Prince!
Your cheap offside trap
won't work on me this time!
Do you get that?!
I will mark Hyuga,
all right?
Strike back as soon as
you get the chance!
Let's go!
Yes, Captain!
[ann] Both captains are
facing once again
in the duel of titans!
[Kojiro] I was waiting for
this moment!
You better be ready, Misugi!
[Jun]
I'm right here, Hyuga!
I'll stop you
and I'll tie the score
for my team!
[cheering]
[yelling]
[ann]
The Prince Misugi
is sticking to Hyuga
like glue
to try and
steal the ball!
It's like a fight
between a cat and mouse
and Hyuga is the one
running now!
[grunts]
-[growl]
-[ann] Who will win
this match?!
Will it be Hyuga?!
Or Prince Misugi?!
-[panting]
-[Kitazume] Hyuga!
-[grunting]
-You can do it, Misugi!
[grunting]
[ann] Hyuga is not
passing the ball.
He is relentless
on fighting Misugi alone!
Captain Hyuga...
[grunting]
Damn it, this idiot is
so persistent!
[panting]
Get ready!
[groaning]
-Misugi!
-Captain!
[ann]
What is happening?!
Misugi is losing balance.
He is falling to the ground!
[gasp]
[groaning]
I must...
[groan]
What the--?!
[ann] Incredibly, Misugi
manages to make a head pass
while falling!
I'm on it!
[ann] Team Musashi
now has control
- of the ball!
-[gasps]
Hmm...
[Akira] The captain gave us
this chance.
Don't let him down!
[player]
Yeah!
[ann] Team Musashi is
heading on the offense
and Toho's defense
is badly placed!
Everyone, go back, now!
This was a gift
from our Captain!
[Shinji] He gave it us with
his last breath!
[Minoru]
Now's our turn to fight!
We must score,
no matter what it takes!
[Ken]
It's pointless!
Only Misugi can beat me.
You're just garbage!
[Hiroshi] Everything will be
decided by the next play.
[ann] Only five minutes
remain on the clock!
And the game has gotten
to its critical stage!
Sanada!
Honma!
[ann] Musashi evades
Toho's defense,
passing the ball
and they are heading
right to the goal area!
[Shinji] We know we can't
score outside of the area,
so we have to get
really close!
Getting to the goal post
is the only way to score!
Yes!
[ann] Team Musashi
is moving as if
Misugi's spirit
had possessed them!
And Toho's defense
is helpless!
What are you doing?!
Move!
[ann] Musashi is
entering the goal area
with great determination!
[Ken] What're you
waiting for?! Just shoot!
Honma, don't miss!
[ann] And there's
the shot!
No!
It's a pass!
[gasp]
I know what they're doing!
They were deceiving
the goalkeeper!
[yell]
You won't
get through me!
Let me warn you.
If you score a third goal,
then I will retire from
soccer forever!
[ann] Wakashimazu is
leaving the post!
And Honma is getting
ready to shoot the pass!
Here I go!
[yell]
What the--?!
[growling]
[ann]
This...
- This is incredible!
-[grunts]
The...
The ball is in
- the goalkeeper's hands!
-What?!
Ken, what a great save!
Great blocking, Ken!
-[panting]
-[ann] We were just about
to celebrate the third goal
for Team Musashi,
but Toho's goalkeeper,
Wakashimazu,
managed to block the shot
- with his hands!
-That's great, Ken!
-Uhh...
-[ann] It was a great effort
by team Musashi
to try and tie the score,
but they weren't
expecting
the great strength
of Toho's goalkeeper,
who makes clear that,
aside from Misugi,
no one can beat him!
Thanks to Wakashimazu,
Team Toho keeps
its advantage
against Team Musashi!
[Kitazume]
Great work, Ken.
Now the match is ours.
[whistle]
[ann] The referee is
stopping the clock!
And Misugi is still
on the ground!
We don't know
if he'll be all right.
-Captain!
-Hey, Captain!
[grunt]
I'm fine.
Captain!
[grunt]
Did we score?
-Uhh...
No...
I'm sorry, Captain.
[grunt]
It's okay.
All right, that's enough.
Get ready, Nishiyama.
You're getting in.
Yes, sir.
[ann] Finally, Misugi
is going back to the bench
and is getting there
with the help of
one of his teammates.
Oh no, Captain...
Oh no! Why?!
Misugi...
Guys, don't feel bad!
We still have a few minutes
to score!
You must keep going!
-Yes, sir!
Mhm.
[ann] The Prince
of the Pitch
gives his last words
to his team
and is stepping away
from the field.
The number 14
of Team Musashi
is definitely leaving
a big impact on this match.
Misugi...
[narr] And so,
Team Musashi kept fighting
to score the third goal,
but Toho reinforced
its defense
making it impossible
to do so.
[grunt]
This time, I won't take
any chances.
We have to ensure
our victory.
[Takeshi]
Yes, coach.
[ann] We're on the last
seconds of the match.
Musashi is running
out of time!
[Jun]
Come on, guys...
We have to take the ball
from him!
[Takeshi]
Captain!
Huh?
Uh...
[grunt]
[whistle]
[cheering]
[ann]
And the referee signals
- the end of the match!
-We won!
This means that Toho
qualifies to participate
in the national
tournament!
[sobs]
Hmm...
Good.
They played real good, boy.
Yes.
With this loss,
it will be three years,
Tsubasa,
that I won't be able
to face you.
[Yukari]
The match in Tokyo is over!
Toho beat Musashi 3 to 2!
That's a real shame!
Musashi's gone now.
If that's the case...
This year, we will face
each other again, Kojiro.
[narr] Congratulations,
Toho Academy!
[reporter]
Coach Kitazume,
congratulations on
your victory.
Could you talk to us about
what's your next objective?
The Nationals,
quite naturally!
And this time, know that
we're ready to defeat
Team Nankatsu!
I understand.
The arrival of
Takeshi Sawada
has really strengthen
your team.
[gasp]
[Kojiro]
Coach Kira...
Kojiro, I don't remember
training you
to be a soft player, boy.
Huh?
Tell me, Kojiro.
Why are you holding
that flag so proudly?
Uhh...
You're an embarrassment!
You're nothing more than
a caged tiger
that's lost its claws!
-[gasp]
-[tiger growl]
[reac] What do you mean
I lost my claws?
That's right, Kojiro.
And you haven't
even noticed.
Now that you play
for Team Toho,
your heart has gone soft.
Don't play the fool with me.
I saw how you had pity
for Misugi,
and that's why Team Musashi
managed to get the ball
back so easily.
Your competitive spirit
is gone completely, kid.
[gasp]
[Mr. Kira] Fortunately,
you still have a prodigy
who can defend a goal post!
But if they had scored,
the blame would be
all on you.
Uh...
You're a disgrace, Kojiro!
I never taught you how
to have compassion!
A true tiger never has
compassion for its prey!
And the only thing that
matters is the strength!
-Uh...
-[Mr. Kira] If you were
the same as before,
we would've kicked Misugi's
heart beyond repair!
[gasp]
-[groan]
-[yell]
Since you joined
this school,
you lost your game style,
the fierceness of the tiger.
That fighting spirit
that once was in you
has all disappeared.
You've forgotten the reason
you used to play this game.
The Kojiro I knew
was different.
He was a Tiger
fighting adversity
and he only thought
about himself,
not about anyone else.
I must go, but you keep
training hard,
even if I'm not here.
-Yes! Yes, Captain!
-Wakashimazu.
-Huh?
Hello, Captain.
You really didn't have to
come see me.
It's okay.
I had to go to some place
and it was on the way.
You just need to get
some rest for now.
We hope you get well soon.
Yes, Captain.
[Mr. Kira]
That's the reason
your team
has been loyal to you.
Ken and Takeshi worked hard
to get in the same school
as you
so they could follow you.
You're so selfish.
How could you forget
about them like that?
And while you waste
your time being soft,
your rival, Tsubasa,
keeps improving himself
more and more.
He'll soon be out of
your reach.
[tiger growling]
[Mr. Kira]
Now I'm the only trainer
of the school
for the city of Okinawa.
Huh?
Kojiro, If you ever feel
like your strength
is vanishing while
you're playing this game,
and you lose against
Tsubasa again,
you know where to find me.
Huh? Captain Hyuga?